replace --command option and change cli to accept a path for —script option (#4)
hashicorp/next-remote-watch: README.md

You can [use globs](https://github.com/micromatch/picomatch), or pass in multiple, space-separated paths to be watched as well.

### Optional Flags

| Option     | Shorthand | Example                      | Description                                                                    | Default         |
| ---------- | --------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| `--root`   | `-r`      | `--root ./src`               | Path to Nextjs project                                                         | `process.cwd()` |
| `--event`  | `-e`      | `--event add`                | Specific event to listen for (`add`, `addDir`, `change`, `unlink`, `unlinkDir` | `change`        |

> | `--script` | `-s`      | `--script ./scripts/sync.js` | File to be called on `event` with two arguments (`path`, `event`).             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--script` | `-s`      | `--script ./scripts/sync.js` | Node script to be called on `event`. The file should export a function that accepts two arguments (`path`, `event`).             |
```
